                                                                                    KPMG
                                                                                    8th Floor, Prince's Building
                                                                                    Central, Hong Kong
                                                                                    G P O Box 50, Hong Kong
                                                                                    Telephone +852 2522 6022
                                                                                    Fax         +852 2845 2588
                                                                                    Internet    kpmg.com/cn




               INDEPENDENT REPORTING ACCOUNTANTS' ASSURANCE                               REPORT       ON THE
               COMPILATION OF PRO FORMA FINANCIAL INFORMATION

               To the Directors of Manycore Tech Inc.

                     We have completed our assurance engagement to report on the compilation of pro forma
               financial information of Manycore Tech Inc. (the "Company") and its subsidiaries (collectively the
               "Group") by the directors of the Company (the "Directors") for illustrative purposes only. The
               unaudited pro forma financial information consists of the unaudited pro forma statement of adjusted
               net tangible assets as at December 31, 2025 and related notes as set out in Part A of Appendix II
               to the prospectus dated April 9, 2026 (the "Prospectus") issued by the Company. The applicable
               criteria on the basis of which the Directors have compiled the pro forma financial information are
               described in Part A of Appendix II to the Prospectus.

                    The pro forma financial information has been compiled by the Directors to illustrate the
               impact of the proposed offering of the ordinary shares of the Company (the "Global Offering") on
               the Group's financial position as at December 31, 2025. As part of this process, information about
               the Group's financial position as at December 31, 2025 has been extracted by the Directors from
               the Group's historical financial information included in the Accountants' Report as set out in
               Appendix I to the Prospectus.

               Directors' Responsibilities for the Pro Forma Financial Information

                     The Directors are responsible for compiling the pro forma financial information in accordance
               with paragraph 4.29 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
               Hong Kong Limited (the "Listing Rules") and with reference to Accounting Guideline 7
               "Preparation of Pro Forma Financial Information for Inclusion in Investment Circulars" "AG 7)
               issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants ("HKICPA").

               Our Independence and Quality Management

                    We have complied with the independence and other ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics
              for Professional Accountants issued by the HKICPA, which is founded on fundamental principles
              of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality and professional
              behaviour.

                    Our firm applies Hong Kong Standard on Quality Management 1 "Quality Management for
              Firms that Perform Audits or Reviews of Financial Statements, or Other Assurance or Related
              Services Engagements", which requires the firm to design, implement and operate a system of
              quality management including policies or procedures regarding compliance with ethical
              requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.




                                                                -1-
KPMG, a Hong Kong (SAR) partnership and a member firm of
the KPMG global organisation of independent member firms
affiliated with KPMG International Limited, a private English
company limited by guarantee.
Reporting Accountants' Responsibilities

     Our responsibility is to express an opinion, as required by paragraph 4.29(7) of the Listing
Rules, on the pro forma financial information and to report our opinion to you. We do not accept
any responsibility for any reports previously given by us on any financial information used in the
compilation of the pro forma financial information beyond that owed to those to whom those reports
were addressed by us at the dates of their issue.

      We conducted our engagement in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance
Engagements ("HKSAE") 3420 "Assurance Engagements to Report on the Compilation of Pro
Forma Financial Information Included in a Prospectus" issued by the HKICPA. This standard
requires that the reporting accountants plan and perform procedures to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the Directors have compiled the pro forma financial information in accordance with
paragraph 4.29 of the Listing Rules, and with reference to AG 7 issued by the HKICPA.

     For purpose of this engagement, we are not responsible for updating or reissuing any reports
or opinions on any historical financial information used in compiling the pro forma financial
information, nor have we, in the course of this engagement, performed an audit or review of the
financial information used in compiling the pro forma financial information.

       The purpose of pro forma financial information included in an investment circular is solely to
illustrate the impact of a significant event or transaction on unadjusted financial information of the
Group as if the event had occurred or the transaction had been undertaken at an earlier date selected
for purposes of the illustration. Accordingly, we do not provide any assurance that the actual
outcome of events or transactions as at December 31, 2025 would have been as presented.

      A reasonable assurance engagement to report on whether the pro forma financial information
has been properly compiled on the basis of the applicable criteria involves performing procedures
to assess whether the applicable criteria used by the Directors in the compilation of the pro forma
financial information provide a reasonable basis for presenting the significant effects directly
attributable to the event or transaction, and to obtain sufficient appropriate evidence about whether:

           the related pro forma adjustments give appropriate effect to those criteria; and

     •     the pro forma financial information reflects the proper application of those adjustments
           to the unadjusted financial information.

     The procedures selected depend on the reporting accountants' judgement, having regard to the
reporting accountants' understanding of the nature of the Group, the event or transaction in respect
of which the pro forma financial information has been compiled, and other relevant engagement
circumstances.

     The engagement also involves evaluating the overall presentation of the pro forma financial
information.

     We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our opinion.

      Our procedures on the pro forma financial information have not been carried out in accordance
with attestation standards or other standards and practices generally accepted in the United States
of America, auditing standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
or any overseas standards and accordingly should not be relied upon as if they had been carried out
in accordance with those standards and practices.




                                                -2-
      We make no comments regarding the reasonableness of the amount of net proceeds from the
issuance of the Company's shares, the application of those net proceeds, or whether such use will
actually take place as described in the section headed "Future Plans and Use of Proceeds" in the
Prospectus.

Opinion

     In our opinion:

     (a)   the pro forma financial information has been properly compiled on the basis stated;

     (b)   such basis is consistent with the accounting policies of the Group, and

     (c)   the adjustments are appropriate for the purposes of the pro forma financial information
           as disclosed pursuant to paragraph 4.29(1) of the Listing Rules.



 Mt#
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
April 9, 2026




                                              -3-
